allow users to supply DNS style s3 endpoints to COPY FROM/TO (#11921)
crate/crate: docs/sql/statements/copy-from.rst

``s3``
''''''

You can use the ``s3://`` scheme to access buckets on `Amazon S3`_ compatible
storage.

For example:

.. code-block:: text

>     s3://[<accesskey>:<secretkey>@][<host>:<port>]/<bucketname>/<path>

Reviewer: Do we still support the old syntax? Otherwise we have to move the release notes into the breaking changes section and mention the bucket change.

Author: Yes we do, thanks for catching it.

> Different S3 storage can be specified by the optional pair of host and port,
> which will be defaulted to Amazon S3 if not provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A different S3 storage provider can be used by specifying the optional pair of host and port,
which defaults to Amazon S3 if not provided.
```

Here is a more concrete example:

.. code-block:: text

    COPY t FROM 's3://myAccessKey:mySecretKey@s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com:443/myBucket/key/a.json' with (protocol = 'https')

> Also, if no credentials are set the s3 client will operate in anonymous mode,
> see `AWS Java Documentation`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If no credentials are set the s3 client will operate in anonymous mode.
See `AWS Java Documentation`_.
```
